[Website] Menu and Menu buttons docs (#3765)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/menu/usage.mdx

<Caption>
 Do not overload choices
</Caption>
</Column>
</Row>

### Submenus

A submenu is a menu item with the caret icon on the right, offering additional
related commands. While submenus can help tidy up a context menu and make its
options clearer, introducing multiple levels of submenus can make the user
experience more complex and harder to navigate. Avoid multiple levels of nesting
when it comes to submenus.

#### Actions associated with a shared label

When a term appears in more than two menu items in the same group, consider
eliminating the recurring term in the submenu label to help people predict its
content and scan easily.

<DoDontRow>
  <DoDont type="do" caption="Do omit recurring term">

![Do omit recurring term](images/usage-image-submenus-title-do.png)

  </DoDont>
  <DoDont type="dont" caption="Do not repeat the same term from the submenu trigger.">

![Do not repeat the same term from the submenu trigger](images/usage-image-submenus-title-dont.png)

  </DoDont>
</DoDontRow>

### Further guidance

For further content guidance, see Carbon's
[content guidelines](/guidelines/content/overview).

## Universal behaviors

### States

> Menu items have seven main progress states– enabled, hover, focus, focus and

Reviewer: > Menu items have seven main progress states–

I would probably use a colon here instead of a dash, like you did earlier on this page for Sizes.

Reviewer: Did you want to semi-bold these states?

hover, danger hover, danger hover and focus, and disabled. Learn more about
states on the [style](/components/menu/style/) tab.

> | Modal size             | Height (px / rem)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| State             | When to use)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

| ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Enabled                | When an action in the list is live but a user is not directly interacting with it. This is commonly referred to as the default or normal state of the component.                                                                                          |

Reviewer: I noticed we usually italicize the state names in this type of table.

> | Hover                  | When a user’s mouse cursor is hovering over the menu item in menus or submenus                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Hover                  | When a user’s mouse cursor is hovering over the menu item in menus or submenus.                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

| Focus                  | When a user tabs to or clicks on a menu trigger. This will open up the menu list. The first item in the menu list has the focus state as default.                                                                                                         |

> | Focus and hover        | When an item is in focus state but the user’s mouse cursor is hovering over the item field                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Focus and hover        | When an item is in focus state but the user’s mouse cursor is hovering over the item field.                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | Focus and hover        | When an item is in focus state but the user’s mouse cursor is hovering over the item field                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Focus and hover        | When an item is in the focus state but the user’s mouse cursor is hovering over the item row                                                                                                                                                                |
```

> | Danger hover           | When an action could have destructive effects on the user’s data (for example, delete or remove)                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Danger hover           | When an action could have destructive effects on the user’s data (for example, delete or remove).                                                                                                                                                          |
```

> | Danger hover and focus | When a user tabs to a destructive menu item that has the danger hover state                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Danger hover and focus | When a user tabs to a destructive menu item that has the danger hover state.                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

| Disabled               | When an action is not able to be performed at a certain time, but will be possible to be performed by that user, at another point in time. Actions that are permissions-based should be hidden if it is never possible for a user to perform that action. |

### Interactions

#### Mouse

Once the menu opens by clicking on a menu button trigger or right-clicking on an
area, users can:

- Select or deselect an item by clicking on it
- Hover over the item with the caret icon to reveal additional options or
  actions from that item
- Click outside of the menu area to close it

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

> ![Mouse interactions on menus](images/usage-interactions-mouse.png)

Reviewer: This image has a spacing issue below the "Share with" item.
It also needs to have the caret icon at `$icon-primary` and the word "Product team" should be `$text-primary`.

Reviewer: Also "Databases" and "Resources" are highlighted in the treeview, is this a mistake?

Reviewer: Still looks like there is an issue with this image^

  option in the menu)
- Open a new page (typically in a new window or tab)
- Initiate a new user task (potentially involving multiple steps)
- Save or close something
- Expand a submenu (though this can also occur without activation)
- Undo or redo a user action
- Perform various actions (e.g., editing actions like cut, paste, copy, format;
  application actions such as checking for updates)
- Open a sidebar or toolbar
- Access an existing page
- Adjust the current window(s) (e.g., minimize, split, arrange, swap)
- No action other than closing the menu

## Modifiers

#### Dividers

Divider lines serve the purpose of categorizing related actions into appropriate
sections, while also distinguishing actions that might have a significant impact
on the user's data, such as deleting an app or service.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Divider in menus](images/usage-menu-divider.png)

</Column>
</Row>

#### Keyboard shortcuts

A menu item can display related values, like a caret indicator for accessing a
submenu or a keyboard shortcut linked to the action.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Divider in menus](images/usage-menu-shortcut.png)

</Column>
</Row>

### Single-select and multi-select

> Single-select or multi-select has the same visual with the checkmark in front of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single-select have multi-select the same visual with the checkmark in front of
```

the menu item.

<Row>
<Column colLg={4}>

![Single-select example](images/usage-menu-single-select.png)

</Column>

<Column colLg={4}>

![Multi-select example](images/usage-menu-multi-select.png)

</Column>
</Row>

### Danger state

A danger hover state can be applied to actions that could cause significant
changes, such as delete.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Danger state example](images/usage-menu-danger-state.png)

</Column>
</Row>

## Related

#### Menu buttons

To understand how to use menus with other specific menu button triggers, see

> [menu buttons](/components/menu-buttons/usage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[menu buttons](/components/menu-buttons/usage).
```

button triggers. However, the extra-small menu size remains available for
implementation in other contexts if needed.

</InlineNotification>

| Size        | Height (px / rem) |
| ----------- | ----------------- |
| Extra small | 24 / 1.5          |
| Small       | 32 / 2            |
| Medium      | 40 / 2.5          |
| Large       | 48 / 3            |

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

![Menu height](images/usage-menu-height.png)

</Column>
</Row>

<DoDontRow>
  <DoDont type="do" caption="Do match the height of the menu buttons and the menu">

![Do match the height of the menu buttons and the menu](images/usage-sizing-height-do.png)

  </DoDont>
  <DoDont type="dont" caption="Do not mix the height of the menu buttons and the menu">

![Do not mix the height of the menu buttons and the menu](images/usage-sizing-height-dont.png)

  </DoDont>
</DoDontRow>

#### Width

By default, the [menu button](/components/menu-buttons/usage/#menu-button) and
[combo button](/components/menu-buttons/usage/#combo-button) follow the
[button structure style](/components/button/style#structure), and the menu
maintains a minimum width of 160px to prevent a narrow appearance.

<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>

> ![Menu width](images/usage-menu-width-menu-buttons-default.png)

Reviewer: This image is not showing up
<img width="566" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-30 at 1 25 49 PM" src="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/assets/43969356/fb5b297d-bb79-4aa9-a399-370cd861869c">
